How do you prove yourself?
Is it the real Lin Qianyu?
Yes, how to prove it?
How?
This lady is the dignified eldest lady of the Lin family
I still need to prove to you
Tomorrow, tomorrow, I'll be out. Proof.
Madam, Shuchang Li has not spoken yet
You just want to leave
If this offends the official
But you're going to jail, right?
Li Shuchang, it seems that this counterfeit
Or do you want to eat all the oranges in prison?
how
Li Shuchang before there was no Ye Ming's identity
Just want to arrest anyone
You need to know
Miss Ben also knows a thing or two about the law
Miss Lin, I'm sorry.
This is a warrant signed by the superintendent himself
Please cooperate with our investigation.
Do you understand?
Ok, I cooperate.
I don't know Li Shuchang
How do you want to prove it?
I'm not the real lady next door
We have collected the victim's fingerprints
In this world
Even twins
Their fingerprints will also be different
So just match
Ok come on guy
Employment now
Ok you dead girl
You are the opposite of God, you are the opposite of God
I think it's you, the fake, who's turned it upside down
Madam, just a moment
I promise I will love you more in the future
Hurry up and expose this counterfeit
Let him eat the old meal
After reading this book for a long time, I will talk about you rectifying the Fa on the spot
Dare to reveal the eldest lady
Go to hell, I'll see if I can come back to life after I die
Offended madam